Clarify "event sources" NOT "Knative eventing sources" (#1535)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/debugging/README.md

This document works with
[Eventing 0.3](https://github.com/knative/eventing/releases/tag/v0.3.0) and
[Eventing-contrib resources 0.3](https://github.com/knative/eventing-contrib/releases/tag/v0.3.0).

## Prerequisites

1. Setup [Knative Eventing and an Eventing-contrib resource](../README.md).

## Example

> This guide uses an example consisting of an Eventing-contrib resource that sends

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide uses an example consisting of an event source that sends
```
